To the Webflow & Next.js communities,

Would you be interested in a simple no-code service that allows you to plug in your Webflow site link, optionally add some simple attributes, and have it **automatically generate a working Next.js / React app for you**?

**Complete this 1-minute survey:** 
[GO TO ANONYMOUS SURVEY](https://b.link/b9z8en)

If you know someone who would benefit from this, share this survey with them. 👆

**Side Note**: This repository has been outdated, but I have an insane amount of resources that have been developed in the no-code Webflow to React space ever since this repo came out. All of which have been used to create both simple and enterprise-ready apps.

Thanks!
@altechzilla 

---

# Overview

## NOTE: LOOKING FOR HELP - This project is in heavy development. The ReadMe will be updated along the way.

_Webflow React from Abruptive_ is a CLI tool that helps designers & developers convert their Webflow projects to & React.js. Optimized by default for Create React App's (CRA) structure, yet customizable to fit any custom structure you need.

## Requirements

-   Node.js

## Installation

`$ npm install webflow-react --save-dev`

## Getting Started

1.  Install _Webflow React from Abruptive_ as a dev dependency;
2.  Setup your React project (e.g. by using create-react-app);
3.  Export your Webflow site and add the files under `/.webflow` in your project;
4.  Run the `webflow-react` command in your project root.
5.  (Optional) Add `webflow-react` to your package.json scripts to render easier.

## Preparing Your Design

With the current version, you can do the following by adding attributes to Webflow elements:

1.  Declare a React component by adding the `wfr-c` attribute and the component name as the value;
2.  Declare a React dynamic data point by adding the `wfr-d` attribute and `true` as the value;
3.  Empty a specific element by adding the `wfr-empty` attribute and `true` as the value;
4.  Ignore a specific element by adding the `wfr-ignore` attribute and `true` as the value;

## Methodology

Since machine generated assets aren't very easy to maintain due to their complexity, Webflow React takes on an old school approach where a single component is made out of a view and a controller. 

This way the view can be changed without us worrying about re-binding the event listeners and props.

-   The view is automatically generated by Webflow React and shouldn't be changed, we treat it as a black box. 
-   The controller however is user defined. 
-   Every element within the controller is a proxy to an element within the view.

## Notes

Be sure to stash all your git changes as beforehand as Webflor React uses Git as a version control. 

After doing so you'll notice that a new git-commit has been created saying `Webflow React: Updated`. 

This commit includes all the changes that Webflor React has made, and shouldn't be edited or reworded.

## Structure

The commit consists of the following files (regardless if they were added, modified or deleted):

-   **public/** (public assets which should be served by our app's server)
    -   **images/**
    -   **fonts/**
    -   **css/**
-   **layout/**
-   **components/**
-   **views/**
-   **meta/**

## Example

```js
import React from 'react'
import ConsultForm from '../views/ConsultForm'

class ConsultFormController extends React.Component {
  state = {}

  render() {
    return (
      <ConsultForm>
        <name onChange={this.setName} />
        <phone onChange={this.setPhone} />
        <email onChange={this.setEmail} />
        <description onChange={this.setDescription} />
        <submit onClick={this.submit} />
      </ConsultForm>
    )
  }

  setName = (e) => {
    this.setState({
      name: e.target.value
    })
  }
  setPhone = (e) => {
    this.setState({
      phone: e.target.value
    })
  }

  setEmail = (e) => {
    this.setState({
      email: e.target.value
    })
  }

  setDescription = (e) => {
    this.setState({
      description: e.target.value
    })
  }

  submit = () => {
    alert(`
      ${this.name}
      ${this.phone}
      ${this.email}
      ${this.description}
    `)
  }
}

export default ConsultFormController
```

## Configuration

The output can be controlled using a config file named `wfr.config.js` which should be located in the root of the project. The config file may (or may not) include some of the following options:

-   **prefetch (boolean)** - Prefetch the styles and scripts which are necessary for the design to work. If not specified, the scripts and styles will be fetched during runtime.

-   **source (source)** - Can either be set to `webflow`, `sketch` and represents the studio name that generated the basic CSS and HTML assets.

-   **input (string)** - The input dir for the Webflow exported files. Defaults to `.webflow` dir in the root of the project.

-   **output (string/object)** - If a string was provided, the output will be mapped to the specified dir. If an object, each key in the object will map its asset type to the specified dir in the value. The object has the following schema:
    -   **public (string)** - Public dir. Defaults to `static`.
    -   **src (string/object)** - Source dir. If a string is provided, all its content will be mapped to the specified dir, otherwise the mapping will be done according to the following object:
        -   **scripts (string)** - Scripts dir. Defaults to `scripts`.
        -   **styles (string)** - Scripts dir. Defaults to `styles`.
        -   **pages (string)** - Scripts dir. Defaults to `pages`.

Alternatively, you may provide (extra) options through the command line like the following:

    $ webflow-react [...options]

## Command Options

Webflow React supports the following CLI options:

-   **--prefetch**
-   **--source/--src**
-   **--input/--in**
-   **--output/--out**
-   **--config**

## Disclaimers

Webflow is a registered® trademarks of its respective holders. Its use does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.

Inspired by Appfairy (Eytan Manor), the Webflow React library is a continuation of Eythan's work, to provide an easier way to convert Webflow to React JS.

## License

Apache
